Check for test reports in two locations. (#941)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij: docs/user-guide.md

To view the integration test report for Maven-built applications, select the **View integration test report** action for your application in the Liberty tool window.

> This action looks for the integration test report at the `target/site/failsafe-report.html` default location if Liberty dev mode used report plugin v3.4 or earlier or `target/reports/failsafe.html` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action looks for the integration test report at two default locations: `target/reports/failsafe.html` and `target/site/failsafe-report.html`.
```

Author: Done

To view the unit test report for Maven-built applications, select the **View unit test report** action for your application in the Liberty tool window.

> This action looks for the unit test report at the `target/site/surefire-report.html` default location if Liberty dev mode used report plugin v3.4 or earlier or `target/reports/surefire.html` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action looks for the unit test report at two default locations: `target/reports/surefire.html` and `target/site/surefire-report.html`.
```

Author: Done
